Update teams-powershell-release-notes.md (#8142)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-release-notes.md

| Date | Version | Updates |
|------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |

> | November 2021 | [2.6.2-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/2.6.2-preview) |<li>Releases modernized versions of all 75+ Grant-Cs<Name>Policy cmdlets (all parameter sets). These are expected to work similar to their remoting counter parts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out, tenants that aren't flighted will see the older remoting version.</li><li>Releases modernized versions of all 75+ Remove-Cs<Name>Policy cmdlets. These are expected to work similar to their remoting counter parts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out, tenants that aren't flighted will see the older remoting version.</li><li>Releases Set-CsUserCallingSettings cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Export-CsOnlineAudioFile cmdlet.</li><li>Fixes error handlings for [Get\|Import\|Remove]-CsOnlineAudioFile cmdlets.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| November 2021 | [2.6.2-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/2.6.2-preview) |<li>Releases modernized versions of all 75+ Grant-Cs<Name>Policy cmdlets (all parameter sets). These are expected to work similarly to their remoting counterparts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out, tenants that aren't flighted will see the older remoting version.</li><li>Releases modernized versions of all 75+ Remove-Cs<Name>Policy cmdlets. These are expected to work similarly to their remoting counterparts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out, tenants that aren't flighted will see the older remoting version.</li><li>Releases Set-CsUserCallingSettings cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Export-CsOnlineAudioFile cmdlet.</li><li>Fixes error handlings for [Get\|Import\|Remove]-CsOnlineAudioFile cmdlets.</li>
```
